Humph, the dead can't come back to life
His Highness went his own way and killed my only son
Apologize now
The anger in Old Man Nanping's heart
Hugh'er has always regarded you as a senior
But what he did
Really impulsive
Elder hum
I fought for many years
Make great contributions
Even you have to give me three points to make up for it
Does His Royal Highness regard me as an elder?
His Royal Highness
Do you think this product is so rampant?
It's a matter of waiting
Today, I have to teach you how to be a person
Xiuer, go and apologize to your uncle.
Just an apology.
The Crown Prince killed my son
Pay the price
I can't accept it.
So what do you mean?
I want His Royal Highness to inform the whole world
He is immoral and incompetent
And he wants to lose the crown prince's position himself
Otherwise, the anger in my heart will never go away.
Xiuer, go and apologize to your uncle
Yes, His Royal Highness, let's not mention the matter of abolishing the prince first
But in this matter, do you still want the prince to make amends?
Apologize for what?
The fool doesn't know how to give in until he's about to die